frontend/README.md, before:

# Frontend

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.1.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

a bit more stilish relocate page but needs some more

frontend/README.md, after:

&emsp;The task is to develop a web application written in nodejs. The application should provide a possibility for
users to CRUD companies, offices and employees.
One company should have a name and creaton date. One company may have different offices, the office
should have a country, city, street, street number, documents (only word files and pdf) and if it is the
headquarters or not.
An employee should have a first name, last name starting date, salary, vacation days, and experience
level (junior, mid, senior) and image. Also, employees may work from different offices, if they like to
relocate for a summer. All fields are required.
Add search to all entiess, for companies search by name, for offices search by country, city or street and
for employees search by first name or last name.
Bonus: Add real-time notifications to the company and office page when some employee is added. The notfications should be received without refreshing the page.<br>
<br>
Requirements: <br>
â— Frontend: preferably Angular,<br>
â— Backend: node js preferably REST API<br>
â— Database: your choice<br>
â— Write unit tests
